- [Narrator] gRPC framework is built
on a couple of strong foundations,
which we need to understand
before we move further in this course.
Firstly, HTTP/2 protocol.
We've already discussed before
that the framework works on this protocol.
So it would be nice to get an understanding
of the working mechanism of this protocol.
Secondly, protocol buffers or they're commonly known
as protobuffs.
These are used as the interface definition language, IDL,
in gRPC.
IDL is the way to define your service contract.
That contract will contain the methods
and the messages that you will pass
when you call the methods.
Protocol buffers is not the only way to do IDL in gRPC,
but Google promotes this as a standard
when you try to build services with this framework.